SI 106 FINAL PROJECT README:
If you run the first block of code you are prompted to insert a client key and then a client secret in order to access Twitter's data. In the second block you go through Twitter's authorization process and then in the third you are prompted to fill in a valid resource owner key and a valid resource owner secret. Once filling in the proper information, and also providing a hashtag of choice, running the following code blocks retrieves data on the last 200 tweets with that specific hashtag. The code then finds the most frequent word in all 200 tweets and plugs it into the iTunes search API. Following that, a CSV file is written giving information (song name, artist name, song length in seconds, album name, and explicitness) on songs that are related to the most frequent word in the tweets.
Three files are contained in this submission: this README file, a Example csv output image, and the projects ipynb file containing the code.
Python modules that must be installed are: requests_oauthlib, json, webbrowser, requests, csv.
For the code to run properly, run SI106_finalproject.ipynb. You will be prompted to enter a total of 7 items along the way. These items are in order here: Twitter client key, Twitter client secret, Twitter authorization code, Twitter resource owner key, Twitter resource owner secret, a hashtag with the # symbol in front, your same hashtag later on with no # symbol and all lowercase. Run each block and enter information when prompted and the final result will be a csv output as stated above.
REQUIREMENTS LIST:  
Get data from 2 different REST APIs: The first API begins in block 1, that begins with import requests_oauthlib. It starts on line 1 of that block with the imports and continues through line 5 of the 4th block, that begins with hashtag. The second begins on line 1 of block 8, that begins with import requests, and continues through line 7 of that same block.  
Define at least 2 classes- The first class begins on line 1 of block 6, that begins with class Tweet, and goes through line 25 of that same block. The second class begins on line 1 of block 9, that begins with class Song, and goes through line 15 of that same block.  
A constructor- The constructor of the first class ranges from lines 2 to 5 of the block listed above. The constructor of the second class ranges from lines 2 to 8 of the block listed above.  
A __str__ method- The string method for the first class ranges from lines 7 to 8 of the block listed above. The string method of the second class ranges from lines 9 to 10 of the block listed above. 
At least one additional method- These can both be found as the last methods in the classes. In the first class it begins at line 9 of its respective block while the in the second class it begins at line 11 of its respective block.  
At least 3 instance variables that might be set in each instance- They are defined in the respective constructors listed above. 
You must create at least 1 instance of each class you define- On line 3 of block 7, that begins with list_instances_twitter, a list of instances for class 1 is created. On line 7 of block 10, that begins with def create_instance_list, there is a list of instances for class 2 being created.
Your code must invoke the string method and the additional method for each- For the first class the string method is invoked on line 25 of block 6 that begins with class Tweet. For the second class the string method is invoked on line 17 of block 9 that begins with class Song. 
You must perform at least one sort with a `key` parameter on data- On line 8 of code block 10, that begins with def create_instance_list, the list of instances for class 2 is sorted with a 'key' parameter. 
You must define at least 2 functions outside the class definitions that have more than one line inside the function body- There are two function outside of classes. The first is defined on lines 4 through 19 of code block 7, that begins with list_instances_twitter. The second is defined on lines 1 through 5 of code block 10, that begins with def create_instance_list. 
Your code must create a file that is clearly structured for output- Lines 1 through 7 of the final code block, that begins with import csv, creates a file that is structured for output.
CITATIONS AND EXPLANATION:
The code in the first three blocks of code regarding the Twitter API is guided through the lecture 21 notebook, as that is a step by step guide on how to create a Twitter API. Certain lines may be direct from the lecture 21 notebook as it was hard to avoid. Outside of borrowing certain sections in creating the Twitter API, the rest of the work is my own.
The final result is a csv file that is written giving information (headers being: song name, artist name, song length in seconds, album name, and explicitness) on songs that are related to the most frequent word in the last 200 tweets related to your hashtag.